I'm gonna pass out.
Oh guys, I woke up at 2am.
I know.
I love it. I love Bob the Robber.
I like run. run is so good
I've only ever played three
Papa's Fizeria.
I........Let's see. Oh, I hate the grilled cheese one.
I like the pancake Arena
Ice cream? I've never played one.
The cupcake one is fine.
They're still up.
I love Fire Girl Water Boy.
No, water. Fire boy, water girl.
but you know what i always sucked at it so i never got past like
Five like five levels
Played with my brother. We're like elementary school students all about
Our hand-eye coordination is terrible.
hehehe
Yeah.
Oh, test, test, test.
Have you seen those girl go games? Yes! Oh my god, they're so good!
. I wanna play the fashion game.
You played that really?
Oh, okay.
I thought it is
Aren't they all 3D?
Ohhh....
Yeah there are like(***)
What?
What's up?
about the games?
Guys, all I really play is Minecraft and Roblox and then my PS4.
No, I'm getting it.
And the pants, huh?
Had it but the thing is cuz my subscription ran out so I can't play it anymore
And my dad's like sick and tired of paying for it.
I'm gonna try and see if I can get a used one and then I can just...
because like tell me why those games are 60 to 70 dollars
And maybe I just want to use one, it's like five bucks.
Guys, I got-
Like, I got Call of Duty, like, I got, what was it? Modern Warfare, and then...
Infinity War and then the remastered Modern Warfare.
For like a total of $8. So I was like, guys, what's going on here?
get the user you know what's really like really annoying all that there's so many Xbox PS games
And they're really good games. But then if you go to PS4, there's like none.
I know, but there's none for PS5 either.
And
I know. And the thing is really though, because they don't do like cross like.
project.
Why are there so many used PS3 games? I see them like every time I find a game I want to get.
I'd like ps3.I know. everybody always gets like
the stuff they want like for ps4 like immediately that's why they always like sell out
Especially the used ones.
I know.
My school had a Wii Sports.
No no
No, it's cuz like I won't play it I probably won't
friends.
I just played Minecraft as a kid.  Yeah!
Yeah
I had minecraft. No,My brother and my dad gave me .
brother's pcs when we were younger
Hehehehe  , really high.